well Israel's military says its war on
Gaza has entered a new phase and that
Hamas positions all across the strip
will be
targeted we're pursuing Hamas wherever
Hamas is hiding in the north and in the
South every rocket launcher weapons
Depot command and Control Center Senior
Commander underground infrastructure and
any Hideout where our hostages may be
held our war is against Hamas not
against the people of Gaza to Tel Aviv
now our cross Imran standing by for us
there so Imran yes this so-called new
phase very much underway with things
expanding in the
South that's absolutely right and the
south is now the key point for the
Israelis now the reason for this uh say
the Israelis uh even during the
ceasefire they were actually telling uh
Israeli citizens that and through the
media
uh that this is where hamas's command
and control center was that this is
where senior leaders including Yahya
sinir was now the route into the South
leads through hunis we've seen a lot of
Israeli military activity in that zone
that's what they call it the
Palestinians call it just bombardment
and that's what we've seen and we've
also seen Ground Forces go in now this
is very alarming to the Americans
because they've said very clearly uh to
the Israelis that they cannot use the
same type of intensity of bombardment
that they did in the north of the
country but that's exactly what we're
seeing and the Israeli is very clear
that they will conduct this war as far
as they see fit but even 59 days into
the war Hamas is still able to send
Rockets into uh the Gaza from Gaza into
the southern communi of Israel uh the
last alarm going off about 15 20 minutes
ago so that's still something that's
happening and that does call into
question the Israeli claims that they
control uh the North and the central
part of the strip so all this is going
on meanwhile pressure very much mounting
on Benjamin netan who from the families
of captives being held in Gaza we heard
from them earlier today let's just have
a quick listen to this we are facing a
very difficult emotional situation where
the heavy disaster along with this
ominous Silence has led
136 families to despair we request a
meeting with the war cabinet to receive
updates on the fate of our family
members now now not tomorrow now if you
don't have time for us we will go to
someone else and we will find the one
who will represent us Iman what more do
we know about this request for a meeting
between the families and the war
cabinet well there was some hope for the
families just a few hours ago it was
announced that they were you to meet
with the Israeli War cabinet the full
Israeli War cabinet around about 8:00
p.m. local then that meeting got
canceled ostensibly say the Israeli uh
uh spokesman for the for the government
that actually we needed to get a lot
more members uh of the families there
that not everybody could attend but
that's uh been dismissed by the families
we're hearing uh that they're incredibly
disappointed that this meeting didn't
take place um uh the meeting is
scheduled for tomorrow so the families
are hopeful that they'll be able to push
their case now the bring them back
Campaign which is the umbrella
organization that represents the
families has a significantly loud voice
in Israel it is a pressure group that is
able uh to influence uh a certainly
public opinion by taking this meeting
they'll want that pressure to directly
translate into pressure on the people
that can actually change things and what
they're looking for is a ceasefire to
get more people out now now this is
going to be very difficult for the
Israelis because Hamas have already said
that the negotiations now are over
soldiers and Military aged U men and
women that they have in captivity in
order to release those they want a much
more permanent truce and we'll leave it
there for the moment thanks for that IM
rank reporting there from Tel Aviv